### Project Feedback + Evaluation

Your instructors will be grading you using this rubric.

For each criterion below, instructors will give you a score according to the following guidelines. "Ticking" all of the boxes for a criterion will earn a "meets expectations".

They will also assign a **Total Score**, to serve as an overall gauge of whether you met the project goals. However, __the more important scores are the individual ones__, which can help you identify where to focus your efforts for the next project!

| Score | Expectations |
| :---- | :----------- |
| **0** | _Does not meet expectations_ |
| **1** | _Meets expectactions_ |
| **2** | _Exceeds expectations_ |

## Project Workflow - Does not meet expectations

> This is really the stuff you want to be able to talk about at the Meet & Hire. It'll be worth the time to finish this. Do try to follow the instructions for submission. We need to plan around that.

##### How effectively did you plan, execute, and present this project?
- The `readme.md` file contains any necessary installation instructions

> The project has a readme.md but does not have everything described [in the deliverables section](https://github.com/ga-dc/project2#deliverables).

- The `planning` folder contains:
  - a picture / screenshot of your ERD (up to date!)
  - a `wireframes` directory, which in turn contains at least 2 drawings or photos of wireframes and ERDs
  - a `user_stories.md` file, which in turn contains at least 7 user stories (or a link to a Trello board or equivalent)

> Didn't find a planning directory.

- A Github issue was submitted to the `project2` repository **by 11:00am on Friday, November 20<sup>th</sup>,** containing a link to a hosted video

> Got it done by presentation time.

- The video itself and/or the site on which it can be found contains a website or e-mail address through which the creator can be contacted

> Make sure to add this.

- The video is at least 3 minutes long, but **no more than** 5 minutes

> Ran a couple minutes long. Please be mindful of timing requirements. We need to be able to plan based on these.

- The video contains:
  - A description and demo of the app

  > Good job with the demo and explanation of workflow. Maybe a little more detailed than necessary for the purposes of presentations.

  - A code sample explaining one thing of which the creator is proud

  > Didn't include one. May be something really nice to show employers if applying for a job with this in your portfolio.

  - One thing the creator would do differently next time

  > :+1:

  - The next feature the creator would like to implement

  > :+1:

## Technical Requirements - Meets Expectations

> Covers most of what we talked about in class. Still a few things to add and a couple bugs to work out. Good job overall

##### How well does your app demonstrate a grasp of the technologies introduced in class?
- The app contains at least 2 models

> :+1:

- The app contains at least 1 association

> :+1:

- At least 1 model incorporates `GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, and `DELETE` routes

> Didn't find a link in the app to hit a delete route. May be something to add

## Creativity / Interface
##### How memorable and enjoyable to use is your app? - Meets Expectations

> Looks really nice. In the deployed app make sure you just have the working links up or some indicator of not yet implemented.

- The app displays a personal spin or creative element through its written language, functionality, purpose, and/or CSS

> Really nice appearance. Make some redundancies in forms could be tidied up. Adding delete functionality will be easy to implement and make the app more useable. Trying to make the app a little more RESTful could make navigating a little more intuitive.

- The app delivers something of value to the end user: it is not just a login button and an index page

> As demonstrated in the video, can see how this app would be used.

## Code Quality - Meets Expectations

> There is a fair amount of tidying to do. There are a lot of unused routes, commented out examples generated by rails, and errors in views.

##### How able would an uninformed programmer be to reuse and extend your code?
- The code follows style guidance and best practices covered in class, such as spacing, indenting, modularity, and semantic naming

> For the most part yes. It's alright to have a controller to handle non-RESTful routes but you don't want to use `resources :homes` since we don't interact with it RESTfully

- The code is commented only with what is necessary to document what is happening in the code

> You should take examples out of places like the router.

- For any page, copying its source code as it appears in the **browser** and pasting it into the [W3 Validator](http://validator.w3.org) yields 0 errors

> There's some funny stuff going on in the HTML.

## Deployment and Functionality - Meets Expectations

> Try to get this deployed. If you already have put the link in the repo. App functions well for the most part. There are some funny things going on in views

##### How accessible is your app to those who may want to explore it?
- Cursory use of the app by an uninformed user yields no errors that "break" it

> Funny things happened with form fields but the app is mostly functional. Maybe take the links to not yet functioning aspects out of the deployed version and add them when they are implemented.

- The app is deployed to Heroku (or another hosting service)

> There is a branch called Heroku so I suspect you at least tried to deploy. I haven't found a link to the deployed app though. Was that something you were able to do?

- The contents of the creator's Github repository is identical to that of the Heroku repository

> Can't say

- The `URL` field of the Github repository contains a link to the deployed version of the app

> No. Generally the Github repo needs to be tidied up a bit. The repo should really be what's in CRM_project. You can get rid of the project2 directory
